c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.Android.dll
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.Android.pdb
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.Android.apk
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.Android-Signed.apk
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.dll
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.pdb
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\Champion.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\Champion.Android.dll
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\Champion.Android.pdb
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\Champion.Android.apk
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.dll.mdb
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Champion.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Champion.dll.mdb
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\background.png
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\background.png
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\background.png
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\loginbutton.png
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\twitter.png
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\facebook.png
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\google.png
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\linkedin.png
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\facebook.png
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\google.png
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\linkedin.png
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\twitter.png
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\facebook.png
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\google.png
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\linkedin.png
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\twitter.png
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Android.dll
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Android.pdb
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Android.xml
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\loginbutton.png
C:\Users\khatavkar\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\loginbutton.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.Android.dll
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.Android.pdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.Android.apk
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.Android-Signed.apk
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Android.dll
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.dll
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.pdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Android.pdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Android.xml
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\Champion.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\Champion.Android.dll
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\Champion.Android.pdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\Champion.Android.apk
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\background.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\background.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\background.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\loginbutton.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\twitter.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\facebook.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\google.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\linkedin.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\facebook.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\google.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\linkedin.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\twitter.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\facebook.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\google.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\linkedin.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\twitter.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\loginbutton.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\loginbutton.png
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Champion.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Champion.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Sanket\Documents\ChampionApp\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.Android.dll
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.Android.pdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.Android.apk
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.Android-Signed.apk
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Abstractions.dll
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Android.dll
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.dll
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.CustomControls.RepeaterView.dll
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.pdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.dll.mdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Abstractions.xml
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Android.pdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Android.xml
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.CustomControls.RepeaterView.dll.mdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\Champion.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\Champion.Android.dll
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\Champion.Android.pdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\Champion.Android.apk
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\background.png
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\background.png
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\background.png
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\loginbutton.png
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\twitter.png
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\facebook.png
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\google.png
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\linkedin.png
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\facebook.png
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\google.png
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\linkedin.png
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\twitter.png
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\facebook.png
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\google.png
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\linkedin.png
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\twitter.png
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\loginbutton.png
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\loginbutton.png
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Champion.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Champion.dll.mdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.CustomControls.RepeaterView.dll.mdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.Android.dll
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.Android.pdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.Android.apk
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.Android-Signed.apk
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Abstractions.dll
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Android.dll
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.dll
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.CustomControls.RepeaterView.dll
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.pdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.dll.mdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Abstractions.pdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Abstractions.xml
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Abstractions.dll.mdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Android.pdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Android.xml
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Android.dll.mdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.CustomControls.RepeaterView.dll.mdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\Champion.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\Champion.Android.dll
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\Champion.Android.pdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\Champion.Android.apk
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\background.png
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\background.png
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\background.png
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\loginbutton.png
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\twitter.png
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\facebook.png
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\google.png
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\linkedin.png
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\facebook.png
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\google.png
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\linkedin.png
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\twitter.png
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\facebook.png
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\google.png
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\linkedin.png
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\twitter.png
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\loginbutton.png
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\loginbutton.png
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\bin\Debug\Champion.Android.dll.mdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Abstractions.dll.mdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\ButtonCircle.FormsPlugin.Android.dll.mdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Champion.Android.dll.mdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Champion.dll.mdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.CustomControls.RepeaterView.dll.mdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
S:\Projects\Champion\Champion\Champion.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
